What is Emmet ?
Emmet is a plugin or developer toolkit that helps make your work faster by creating repetitive structures like lists, tables, or ordered elements with minimal typing.

Difference betweena a library and a framework?
Libraries provide developers with predefined functions and classes to make their work easier and boost the development process.
Framework is like the foundation upon which the developers build application for a specific platform.

What is CDN? Why do we use it?
A content delivery network is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for data-heavy application.A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content, including HTML pages, JavaScript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.

Why is React known as React?
It reacts quickly to changes without reloading the whole page. It uses virtual DOM to efficiently update parts of a webpage. It's build around
components that react and update.

What is cross-origin in the script tag?
The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of request to an HTTP CORS request. Web page often make requests to load resources on other servers
eg a request for stylesheets, iframes, image, fonts or scripts from another domain. (Cross origin resource sharing).

What is the difference between React and ReactDOM?
React provides the tools and concepts to define component based user interfaces, ReactDOM handles the task of rendering those interfaces in a web environment.

What is the difference between React.development.js and React.production.js files via CDN?
In development mode, we can enable and utilize React developer tools, devtools profiler, debugging environment attached with source code. We can utilize various functionalities such as Hot Module Replacement, diagnostics so that development environment will help to debug code.
In production mode, compression and minification of Javascript and other resources happens to reduce size of the code which is not the case when it comes to development mode. Performance will be much faster in production mode when compared to development mode.

What are async and defer?
async scripts execute as soon as they are downloaded, which is not necessarily in the order in which they appear in the document. defer, on the other hand, preserves the order and ensures that scripts execute after the document has been parsed.
Since async scripts can load at any time, they may attempt to interact with DOM elements that are not yet loaded, leading to errors. defer scripts wait until the DOM is ready, making them a safer bet for scripts that need to manipulate the DOM.

